Sumer Chandurkar - L1 - 19/05/2023

Introduction
OOPs concept
Equals and hashcode
How overriding work internally?
Requestparam vs pathvariable.
Springboot annotations.
Overloading vs overriding
How to override static method in java?
How garbage collection works internally in Java?
Map vs flatmap
UNION vs UNION ALL 
Collections you worked on.
Design Patterns.
Program :- [2,4,3,-14,-10] List the pairs of numbers whose sum will be 7.
Class A{ A a = new A()}; what is the output?
class A {}
class B extends A {}
class C extends B {}
            C c = new C();
            What will Happen?

Naman Saraswat - L1 - 11/Nov/2022

Introduction
Which kind of projects do you work on?
Java 8 features
How to create rest api from end to end?
How to create a login api?
How to secure login api?
How to add role based authentication in login api?
Internal working of ArrayList? How does it allocate memory internally?
If there is a default and abstract method present in an interface, what that interface is called?
Current Location

Naman Saraswat - L2 - 16/Nov/2022

Introduction
how are you going to create a api tell all steps in detail
Our application or api have performance issues. Tell what steps you take to find it and how you will try to fix it?
When will we use mysql and mongodb? Tell the scenario.
What is the difficult task you have done till now and what challenges have you faced to cClass A {

Default constructor ;
 A(int A, int B){

sout(“int”)
}
               A(int A, float B) {

            sout(“float”)
            }

}

Main{


 Int a = 10;
Byte b = 16;
A = new A(a,b);

}

Which constructor it will call and why?
omplete it?
If you are working on an issue/task- after debugging and after taking all necessary steps you are not able to solve it and neither your team members are helping you, it needs to be delivered asap. What will you do

Naman Saraswat - L1 - 01/Feb/2023

Introduction
Java 8 features
Lambda function definition and how to use it?

main{}{


for( int i = 0; 0 ; i++) {

sout(", " + i);

}

for( int i = 0; ; i++) {

sout(", " + i);

}
}
Explain and print output


Scenarios in which we can use ArrayList and its advantages.
When to use Linkedlist in place of arraylist?
An employeeList is there which has id and name and other variables , need to extract a list of employee names using Stream api?
Write a sql query  to extract employee count based on the project name and sort as well.
How to create an immutable class?
Tell all the spring boot annotations you have used?
Advantage of springBoot over spring.
Explain how to use @Valid annotation.
Explain usage of @Autowired 
How you will create an api that will interact with db . Explain flow.
Differentiate between api and microservice.
Explain exceptions and types.
Tell different scope of beans?

Naman Saraswat - L2 - 02/Feb/2023

Introduction
What is an API gateway and how does it work?
What is steam api and explain different types of operations.
How to configure api gateway using kubernetes.
How to configure api gateway generally.
What is a hystrix circuit breaker? Explain its usage and working.
Do you know Docker common vulnerabilities?

Naman Saraswat - L3 - 08/Feb/2023

Explain about your recent project.
Print all the substrings of a string str = “abcd”;
Input string = “addccvg” o/p string = “accddgv”, sort the string
There is a list of Employees that has salary field ,find second highest salary using java8 features 
Difference between Collection and Stream 
Advantages of stream and its working
Difference between Primitive data type and Object Data type, advantages, difference and why we still use primitive data type?
Tell different spring boot modules
Difference between @Autowired and @Bean
How to do CICD deployment
Do you know docker
Do you know AWS
Libraries for logging
difference between Log4j and slf4j?



Ankita Acharekar L1A ( 30/01/23 ) :


What is Spring Security? How you will apply it on the Spring project.
Authentication in springboot - OAuth , JWT , SAML 
Difference between SAML and Oauth
When to use JWT etc authentications example
How to call an api from another api
AWS Ec2 purpose
S3 configurations in java & best practices
Code format to upload file to S3
Which is the latest version of java
Java 8 features
Relation between functional interface and lambda expressions - real world example
Stream api in java 8
What are microservices
CI/CD pipelines - full form , workflow


Ankita Acharekar L1B (01/02/23) :

Screen share and write a code on IDE:
To accept employee id and return object
Exception handling on it - Globally & specific
How to exclude a class from it
Configure Spring security

Flatmap in java 8
Write a program to find third largest number in an arraylist using stream api


Ankita Acharekar L1  (08/02/23) :

Introduction
Projects worked on , your role, TechStack used.
Java 8 features
Functional Interfaces in detail , where to use
@Component and @ComponentScan difference and uses
Which collection will be used to maintain insertion order without duplicate values?
Which collection will be used to store key-value pair Alphabetically
@bean annotation
Bean vs Component difference
Autowiring Interfaces and calling child class methods scenario.
REST HTTP Methods - PUT & POST difference // PUT & PATCH difference
How to securely store user passwords into database without compromising.
Steps to deploy your application.
Jenkins pipeline steps
What is docker & its uses
Languages supported by AWS Lambda functions
Features of Dynamodb & difference between Dynamodb vs Mongodb
Write a java program to find the third most repeated word from a text file
How to write Mockito - Junit test cases.

Ankita Acharekar L2 (17/04/23) :

Introduction
Brief about the project worked on
Libraries used in java project
Web services used
MQ in java
Tibco workflow
REST call in java
Current location & Company





Ankita Acharekar L2 (18/04/23) :

Introduction
Questions on AWS - Resource based policies for Lambda
Configuration for lambda-Get function
How to pull data from an api using lambda
How does lambda function gets triggered
Dynamodb concepts
Security groups in aws . How do two ec2 instances connect with each other?
Microservices in java
Design patterns in java & how u used them in your project.
Amazon EKS microservice
Docker and difference between docker & VM (virtual machine).
Exception Handling in java
Asynchronous api calls in java
How to get quick response while using async
Factory Method Pattern , Singleton design pattern
Write the following code : 
https://www.hackerearth.com/practice/algorithms/sorting/bubble-sort/practice-problems/algorithm/bubble-sort-problem/ 


Komal Malhotra L1- 8 FEB 2023
Introduction
OOPs Conceptions with example and explanation
Types of Polymorphism and explaining its types.
What are actuators
Have you seen config file within your current project.
What are the best option from collections if you want to frequently want to access any element?
What are the best option from collections if you want to frequently want to delete or add any element?
Different between array list and linkedlist?
Stream api.. Write a program to show example
Syntax for lambda expression
WAP to filter the even numbers and multiplying the result with 2 and storing that into a list again
WAP to convert the list of strings into lowercase and then store in a list with comma separated
Java 8 features
Functional interface. Create a thread using functional interface
Terminal stream api functions
AWS services used. 
Exception handling in springboot. How we handle?
Difference between SOAP and REST
@SpringbootApplication annotation. Its significance
Difference between @RestController and @Controller
Most difficult problem I have faced and solved till now.


Rashi Shukla

Brief introduction.
Walk through the projects.
Output of the following
Integer i = new Integer(12);
Integer j = new Integer(12);
Integer k = new Integer(500);
Integer l = new Integer(500);

Output of the following
            System.out.println(10 + 20 + "Hi");
System.out.println("Hi" + 10 + 20);

Choose the correct option if you want to store data in key value/pair, want no duplicates and in a sorted manner. Options - >  tree/set/list/map/sortedmap/unsortedmap

WAP to reverse a string.
What is a spring pool in java?
What is a singleton class ? Where do we use it?
Write the url for a rest call which retrieves resources based on the user.
Write on the IDE the Rest method for above. 
Difference between @Controller and @Restcontroller.
How will you make spring boot from scratch?
What versioning tool do you use?
Have you worked on junits? What are the features of mockito?
What is microservice architecture?
Tell its disadvantages.
What is autoconfiguration? How can you exclude it?
What is the use of @SpringBootApplication?
Explain features of java8.
What is optional? What are its advantages?
What will you do once you are assigned a ticket?
 Do you go through any tech magazines or blogs for extra reading?
Total years of experience.

Rohit Prajapati

Brief Introduction
Discussion on a previous project.
How will create a spring application for web services
Difference between soap and rest api.
Handling body data from post requests.
How to create a view in sql.
Override and overload related questions 
Difference between abstract class and interface and questions on that
Have you done troubleshooting in your project? Tell the issue and process how you did it.
How will you deploy your rest web application?
Testing framework that you have worked with.
IDE’s that you used and Tools for testing api.
Tool you have used to maintain the code base.
Git pull and push commands.
Education Background.
Current location.



Q1 About Project
Q2 MySQL joins
Q3 Spring major annotations and explanations.
Q4 Can we remove @Service annotation and use the service layer.
Q5 Bad practices in the Service layer.
Q6 maven commands and goals.
Q7 Memory Leak.




Using local IDE create a Rest api using below data

		User - Id,roleId,name,username,password
                        Role- Id, role

    Write all the possible api you can make using this table structure? Write in a                     proper  optimised way.

Apply multithreading on the same spring example. What is the main poins which you will take care in this?

What is Spring Security? How you will apply it on the Spring project.

What is JWT? Apply it to this current example right now?

What does JWT consist of? Explain in detail each part? 
How does it work? How does JWT token looks like?



MOM FOR PERSISTENT L1(Rishi Dwivedi)

Brief Introduction .
Explain Immutability in Java.
How can we create an Immutable class in java .
What are the major features you have developed in you project?
What are the major collections you have worked with.
Have you worked with Docker.
Do you know Kafka.
Have you worked with rest api.
Explain about Dao ,Service and Rest layers.
How do you configure connection with DB in spring boot
How do you create a class into a table in Springboot.
Explain about JPA annotations.
How do you handle exceptions.
Explain About Synchoronised and concurrent hashmap.
What classes and interfaces do you use while working with file system.
Which spring security feature have you worked with and Explain.
Have you worked with java 8 feature.
Name some java 8 features and explian how do you use them .


Anushka Kesarwani - L1A (08/02/23)

Introduction
Years of experience
Steps to configure database with spring boot
What is repository in spring boot?
What is ORM?
What is datasource?
Sort the name of employees in list using stream api
Given an integer array nums, find the subarray with the largest sum, and return its sum.
Recent work that I had done on a project.







Abhishek Hande - 08 Feb 2023
1.Introduction
2.Advantages and disadvantages between monolith and microservices 
3.use of actuators 
4.Difference between controller and restcontroller
5. What is the use of @springbootapplication
6.Can we override default auto-configuration and how will you do that
7. Tell known spring boot annotations and its use
8.explain types of beans in spring boot container 
9.How to handle transaction in springboot 
10. How to call existing stored procedure in java application
How we can check logs of different different microservices inside the containers
Explain the deployment steps used  in previous project
Have you worked on CI/CD
Explain java 8 features
What are the functional interfaces and list them 
What is method reference 
Given a list of employees,list  find the 2nd highest salaried employee
Difference between concurrent hashmap and synchronised hashmap, which collection do you use if we want the insertion order to be maintained.


Harish Ingole - L1A -08 Feb 2023

Introduction
Find emp name using stream
What are feature of Java 8
WAP program to find occurrence of String
Write a program to find a pair of sum of given number
What is multithreading, Threadpool
Design pattern and its types
Write a Rest call 
What is the difference between callable and future 
What are types of EC2 Instance
What is executors framework 
What is synchronisation
What is @Qualifier
Write a sql query to find out highest and second highest sal
What are the annotation in Spring boot and explain


Anushka Solanki L1- 09/02/2023 interviewer- 
Introduction
OOPs Concept with example
Coupling & Cohesion
Different ways to declare string. Where are string abc =”ghg” & string abc = new String() stored in memory?
Where can static keyword be used?  Where is static variable stored & when is it instantiated.
Controller vs RestController
Flow of Rest api in your project. Project structure
Collection hierarchy. Where to use ArrayList, Linkedlist, Hashset
HashMap vs Concurrent hashmap vs Synchronized Hashmap
Internal working of hashmap.
Spring vs Springboot
Monolithic vs microservies, adv & disadvantages
Actuators & its implementation.
Log4j vs slf4j. Vulnerabilities of both
Program to count occurrences of each word in string
Tell few Predefined functional interfaces
Find unique & duplicate values in arraylist using stream
Springboot annotations- @Qualifier @Entity @repository @transaction
How is @ transaction configured
Can i use different server other than the embedded tomcat server? How? What port is used by embedded tomcat? How can post be changed?
AWS services used in recent project
CICD flow in previous project


Shivshankar Patel - L1 - 22/Feb/2023

1.Brief Introduction.
2.Project details.Oops concepts
3.Java 8 features.explain
4.Diff log 4j vs slf4j.
5.Diff between Collection vs Streams.
6.WAP to create substring combination from String.
7.WAP to find 2nd paid Employee based on salary.
8.WAP to find if elements are unique or not.
9.WAP to sort input string by ASCII value. Repeat characters if any
10.can you optimise.










Shivshankar Patel  L2 - 2/03/2023

1.Brief introduction.
2.Project architecture.
3.Dependency injection in spring boot 
4.@bean annotation.
5.ApplicationContext and Beanfactory.
6.Dispatcher servlet.can we use dispatcher servlet without spring boot?
7.How can we count how many times our API’s are getting called.
8.ServletConfig and Servletcontext
9.How can we have multiple datasource.
10.How to migrate  DB.hibernate to ibatis
11.How will you find duplicate entries in a database.
12.Given input String input = “abbbccccddddeeeefffvvvaaa”
Find the occurrence of each character like a=5,b=3..
If it is once print the character or print the count.
13.Security in your project / Authentication, oauth/oauth2.
14.Exception handling question.
15.Handlers in spring boot.
16.spring-aop.@befor                                                                                                                                                                                                    e @after @advice
17.CreateCriteria and queryInterfaces difference.
18.question on hashmap and sorting mechanism
19.final vs finally vs finalize.


Swati-Jevoor L1:
Insert 10 between 8 and 11 in linked list given: 3->5->7->8->11->13
String Reversal without using extra space
How to create final class
Internal working of concurrent hashmap
Internal Working of linked list
Design pattern abstract factory pattern implementation
Implement private class
what is treemap? Internal working / how it gives result in ascending?
Monolith vs microservice
why separate db for microservice? why cant they have 1 db
connection between microservices
ci/cd pipeline 
how to make a class immutable

Swati-Jevoor L2:
Tough task done in your career
Aws services used in project
Why want to join SLB?
How will you upskill if joined


Deepak_Kumar L1:
1.
Input: nums = [2,7,11,15], target = 9
Output: [0,1]
Explanation: Because nums[0] + nums[1] == 9, we return [0, 1]
After solving calculate the time complexity, my time complexity was bigO(n2), So he asked me to reduce it further.
2. Polymorphism concepts in detail and the practical use
3. Concurrency v/s parallelism in multithreading
4. Indexing in MySql
5. Partitioning in mysql
6. Detailed project overview
7. Most challenging thing you have done in your project
8. Abstract class vs Interface
9. Can we use abstract class in place of interface or vice-versa
10. Explain the above question 9 when we can use what?
11. What is synchronization of threads.
12. Given a list of employee and I had to find all the employee named “Mayank” whose age is smaller than 30 using Java8
13. Given a String “RAMANA” and had to find the occurrences of the letters : Like R->1, A-> 3 and so on.





Nikhil Gade L1 (12/04/23) - 

1) Introduction
2) Explain about project and technology you're worked on
3) Explain OOPS concepts with examples & Java features 
4) what happens to string literal object when we assign it to null, is it garbage collected?
5) why string is immutable in java?
6) create singleton class on notepad
7) create a thread using lambda expression on notepad
8) Some coding questions on Stream API & String manipulation
9) what is default scope of bean in spring boot
10) which is better way to create thread 
11) if there is a version issue of dependency or we want to change the version, how to do it ?
12) Tell all the spring boot annotations you have used & Explain?
13) Multiple questions on Collection and Hashmap
14) Explain Exception Handling
15) Questions on multithreading





Sumer Chandurkar L1  - 

Introduction
Have you worked on any migration project before?
Any idea about migration?
Explain Springboot Annotations.
Which design pattern you have used in microservices?



Ankita Acharekar L3 ( 13/06/23 ) :

Introduction
Java program to reverse a string till n characters and throw Custom Exception if n exceeds the length of given string.

Example : String = “Hello”  , int n = 3
Expected Output : “leHlo”

Throw Custom Exception if n > string.length();

Explain Collections and Stream in java
What is Exception handling and its types
Write a code for default Functional interfaces in java
Explain the types of default Functional interfaces



Deepak Kumar - L1 - 01/07/2023
Interviewer(Sagarsing Rajput)
Detailed explanation of project and technology used.
What happens to partition when one consumer is failed to read the entire message of a particular partition.
Can we provide the retry option in case of failed consumer.
Kafka configuration like from starting the server to creating the consumer group and topic
What is offset?
If one topic is failed that is having some partition which contains some message then what will happen?
Who maintains the status in kafka? And what other things it does?
How many ways we can deploy the application in AWS? Explain all
What is Lambda and can we add jar file inside it?
All the AWS services you have used in your project
Tell me about the ECS and Farget and how ECS is different from EC2
Process involved in CI/CD
What is the use of SonarQube and how to build the pipeline
He asked me to write the logic of update operation in springboot like all the steps from entity to service. And create the json object
@Primary annotation
What is NoSql data base name some
What is indexing in mysql and write the syntax of it
What is completable future and @Async annotation
What is the Principle behind NoSql database follows and Sql database
Write a java code to find the occurrence of character
What is failfast and failsafe with example. Can a single thread perform the read and write operations in case of concurrent hashmap?
What are the docker command you have used and what is the difference between CMD and EntryPoint in dockerfile.
Annotations you have used in unit testing
Why we use @Mock
Can we configure the email service in sonarQube to send the mail to the developers if build failed

Moiz Husain Bohra - L1 - 25/04/2023
Interviewer : Rishabh Gupta

1. Conditional Bean
2. Kafka Partition
3. How I can send a notification to all Android, ios  devices and webservers at a time 
4. What is Consumer Group
5. Find all the key of Course_1 using Java - 8
	 System.out.println("Company");
        List<Map<String, String>> collData = new ArrayList<>();
        // Map of student and course name
        Map<String, String> stuMap = new HashMap<String, String>();

        //Add map 1
        stuMap.put("S1", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put("S2", "Course_2");
        stuMap.put("S3", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put("S4", "Course_2");
        stuMap.put("S5", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put(null, "College_A");
        collData.add(stuMap);


        //Add map 2
        stuMap = new HashMap<String, String>();
        stuMap.put("Q1", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put("Q2", "Course_2");
        stuMap.put("Q3", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put("Q4", "Course_2");
        stuMap.put("Q5", "Course_1");
        stuMap.put(null, "College_B");
        collData.add(stuMap);
        // Find all those student/course pairs where Course=Course1



Umair Husain - L1 - 08/05/2023

MOM | StatusNeo

1) Very large number of entries (upto billion), you have the following list of operations:
a) Searching 
b) addition/deletion 
c) sorting

which data structure will you use for each operation and what will be the time complexity of the same 

2) Given 2 unsorted arrays. Merge them and sort them. Write the optimized solution with least time and space complexity

3) Questions related to current project, functionality, approach of solving problems etc 




Komal Malhotra - L1 - 25/04/2023









1) Briefly explain all the tech stacks and the projects you have worked on and overall experience you have till now?
2) Monolithic and microservices .. general difference and which one we use ? Which one did I work on?
3) Design patterns which I have worked on?
4) Custom Annotations , if i know?
5) Enums 


Ashish Siwal - L1 - 01/06/2023
Briefly explain all the tech stacks and the projects you have worked on and overall experience you have till now?
What are all the OOPS principles?
Applications of Inheritance and Polymorphism
Usage of Abstract class and interface, difference between them and a lot of in-depth cross questions and 1 design problem using abstract class and interface.
Design Patterns you have used and what’s singleton design pattern and their usage?
How to handle exceptions in java and how to create custom exceptions in java?
Java 8 features
What are the differences between lambda expression and Anonymous class?
Open IDE and implement an Anonymous class and create a lambda expression for a functional interface and call its method using lambda expression
What is the functional interface, why were they introduced? Some pre-defined functional interfaces.
What is functional programming and its benefits?
What is spring boot and difference between spring core and spring boot?
Why was the spring framework created, what are its core principles?
What’s IOC and DI, then in-depth cross questioning.
How to create a bean? What are the various annotations used for that?
Difference between PUT and POST request?
Difference between path and query parameters?
Different types of DB you have used?
What is the architecture of kafka?
What is the zookeeper and how does it work?
What is a kafka partition?
Explain the flow of kafka from publisher to subscriber?
What is microservice?
What’s the architecture of microservice? How do they communicate with each other?
What’s orchestration in microservice?


Naman Saraswat - L1 - 02/06/2023
Interviewer: Saurabh
Difference between PUT and POST request?
What are all the OOPS principles? Cross questioning on examples
What’s IOC and DI, then in-depth cross questioning
Find 2nd largest number in arraylist using Java 8 features and without them.
What is runtime polymorphism ? Explain by creating a sample code.
Scenario based question on parent - child relationship of overriding a method will work or not
Usage of Abstract class and interface, difference between them and a lot of in-depth cross questions and 1 design problem using abstract class and interface.
In which scenario to use abstract class and interface give examples
Can we use local variable / instance variable and static variables defined in a class inside a static method?If yes/no , explain the reason.
What is the architecture of kafka?
How Kafka works end to end flow.
Difference between path and query parameters?
Different ways of injection a bean




Nikhil Gade - L1 - 23/05/2023
Interviewer - Ankesh Mishra

Introduction & recent project details
Java 8 features
Why did Java introduce the Stream API?
Why does java introduce default methods?
Internal working of hashmap?
Why is the red black tree used in a hashmap?
What is the time complexity for searching operations in Red-Black tree?
Design patterns - Singleton design pattern
Explain steps to create singleton class
What design patterns did you use for microservices ?
Which cloud alarms systems have you used in your project?
Why does Java need immutable classes? 
Have you used any multithreaded frameworks?
What types of thread pools are created using executors?
Explain spring autowiring? What happens internally when we use autowiring?
Multiple questions on spring boot
What is the default scope of bean?
difference between Rest and ActiveMQ?
What is an API Gateway?
Abstract class vs Interface? 







Shivshankar Bharat Patel - L1 - 23/05/2023

1. Brief introduction 
2.Project Description & architecture
3.AWS services
4.Spring security 
5. Collection, how they are different from streams and Arrays
6.Array and arraylist difference
7.java 8 features
8.find if given number is prime or not , Optimal solution. - Math.sqrt()









Sumer Chandurkar - L1 - 24/05/2023

Introduction
Java 8 features
Intermediate vs Terminal operations
Count method
Stream APIs 
findFirst and findAny
Why Optional Class is used.
Why stream API used? What is the purpose?
What is the thread Safe in java? - Completaable feature API (Java 7)
REST API
Design Patterns in java
Steps to convert a program to singleton
Java Lambda Expression.
Springboot annotations
@controller vs @RESTController 
@Responsebody @Requestbody
@Autowired 
What is Spring actuator?
Bean and bean Scopes
What is prototype?
How many Hibernate Object states ? Explain Transient and persistent.
Find the second highest salary using java 8.



Ayush Srivastava - L1 - 24/05/2023(Interviewer - Ankesh Mishra)
1. Introduction
2.Describe about Collections
3.difference between ArrayList and LinkedList
4.Internal working of Hashmap - A HashMap in Java internally uses an array of linked lists (buckets) and a hash function to store and retrieve key-value pairs efficiently.
5.Difference between Linked HashMap and Tree HashMap
6.Java 8 Features
7. Functional Interface
8.Default and Static Function
9.Use of Java Stream API
10.Difference between Stream and Loop
11.Explain singleton class and its uses
12. Explain Microservices Framework
13.Difference between Spring and Spring Boot
14.@controller vs @restcontroller 



Harish Ingole -L1 - 24/05/2023 
Interviewer Name : ANKESH MISHRA

Which one is better for Insertion and Deletion of arraylist and linkedList
What is the time complexity of insertion and deletion of linkedlist and arraylist
What is the difference between Hashset and LinkedHashSet
What is the underline DS of Hashset
How many collections have you worked on
Java 8 feature
What is functional interface and tell me what are functional interfaces in java 8 
Give me the situation where we can use predicate, function, supplier and consumer
Why do you use stream over for loop and advantages and disadvantages
What is garbage collection and internal working of garbage collection
Tell me about diamond problem and how to resolve it
What is the need of default and static method in interface
Interview link recording link :- Interview Recording

Deepak Kumar - L1 - 24/05/2023
Interviewer - Ashwani Kumar

1.	Java 8 features
2.	Why new features introduced 
3.	What is the best feature introduced in java 8
4.	HashMap internal implementation. Why did they remove linkedlist and introduce tree      in the hashtable?
5.	When we use Interface and when we use Abstract class
6.	Interface support multiple inheritance why class does not support
7.	Ok we can implement two interface why we cannot extend 2 classes
8.	Why default method has been introduced
9.	If we are having a default method and interface that can do the work of a functional interface then why is it introduced?
10.	Int []arr ={1,2,2,-1,3,4,-7,8,4,7}, find two element that have sum=0, reduce the time complexity
11.	Difference between design principle and design pattern.
12.	Which design principle you have followed in your project and design pattern.
13.	Why is Array different from arraylist? How ArrayList list grow dynamically internally
14.	Your roles and responsibility in the project technology wise like which tech you have used where?
15.	How to process the List inside List data in stream.
16.	What is the need of an immutable class? And how to  create it.
17.	When do we use Comparable and when do we use Comparator? How does the comparator sort data internally?
18.	You have given a list of employees and their department. You need to find the employee of a distinct department using the java8 feature.




Sumer Chandurkar - L2 - 26/05/2023
Interviewer : saurabh khandelwal
Introduction,Experience and Tech Stack.
About Recent Project Overview.
When you have a situation where two microservices, A and B, are dependent on each other and B goes down, and you need to rollback data in the database. How will you do? - (Ans: VCS of database, Saga Pattern and Central coordinator, Circuit breaker)
How you manage the database in Microservices? (Ans - Normalisation of databases can be done via read write capacity, Clickhouse, DRUID, time series database and Hive, Big query like databases can be used according to usecase, (Loose coupling is always good choice anyways. For scaling))
Have you deployed microservice on aws platform? Explain the steps. (Ans- ​​ECR, Docker context, Beanstalk, Target, EKS, Cloud formation, sam CLI, cloud formation templates for AWS)
What is Transaction Management? (Ans - In order to obtain the applicable objectives of modern security concepts like CIA and should follow ACID properties)
Why string is immutable in Java? How we can make it mutable ? which methods we can use to modify String? (Ans- StringBuilder is a mutable class specifically designed for efficient string manipulation.)
String originalString = "Hello";
StringBuilder stringBuilder = new StringBuilder(originalString);
stringBuilder.append(", World!"); // Append to the end
stringBuilder.insert(5, " there"); // Insert at position 5
stringBuilder.replace(7, 12, "GPT-3"); // Replace portion of the string
String modifiedString = stringBuilder.toString();
System.out.println(modifiedString); // Output: Hello there, GPT-3!
What exactly mean by thread safety? (Ans- where multiple threads execute concurrently, thread safety is crucial to avoid data corruption,  to avoid race condition)
On which design pattern you have worked? How many you know?
Steps to convert a program in Singleton.
How you can a break a logic of singleton class? How will you resolve that?
 Explain with scenario (9th question)
 How we can access the private constructor of the singleton class?
Explain Serialization and deserialization.
How you have handled exceptions in your project?
When you create custom exception , is it necessary to use try catch block in it? 
When to use simply throws and when to use try catch blocks?
Explain AWS EC2 and S3 concept.
I/p - [3,1,5,4,8,6,8,3,2]  
O/p - [5,1,3,6,8,4,2,3,8]  Write the code in java and tell the time complexity.
Write the sql query for second Highest Salary without using limit offset top orderby.
 Tell some incident in which you solved some toughest problem and you got appreciated.
 Also tell me some phase of your life where you faced disappointment and failure and how you overcame those challenges.


Aman Prajapati - L1 - 02-06-2023
Interviewer - Akshata
Java 8,
AWS - SQS, SNS, Lambda
Default method in interface
Stream api to filter even numbers
Custom exception
Find third highest salary using sql


Moiz Husain Bohra  L1 - 02/06/2023
(Interviewer - Ankesh Mishra)

1. Java 8 features you have used in your project
2. Stream API Intermediate and terminal operation
3. Default method use case and why it was introduce
4. What is Defender ?
5. Collections used in your project
6. HashMap internal working
7. When to use linkedList over a arrayList
8. When you are having a 1000 element data, which collection you should prefer ?
9. What is HLD and LLD ?
10.Name the design pattern you have used in LLD
11.Adapter design pattern
12.Creation, Structural and Behaviour design pattern
13.Working of GC
14. Minor GC and Major GC
15. Heap compactability





Mahesh kariya - L1 - 1/06/2023 
Interviewer - Akshata

Tell me about yourself your work experience and different work skills you have
What is the use of lambda and dynamoDB in AWS
Why we write test cases (Use case of test cases)
She gave me scenario and asked me to sho me which design pattern you will used.
Classes (A,B,C,D,E) are three methods
Student model with fields name, type
Method C will be called then D will get called
A and B are common for school and collage 
E Should be for school 
Which design principle you are familiar with (Abstract design pattern)
Where you have used singleton design pattern
Why we use Singleton in DB connection.



Mahesh kariya - L2 - 02/06/2023

Introduction
Explain your project and details
Questions based on the projects with entire flow and your work on the top of it
If payment got failed in between, and you don’t want users to pay again (he wants solutions from business point of views)
 What was the complex problem that you have solved?
How to manage transaction of payment into micro services 
 what work you did there? Are you working as a team lead or team of module? 
Then he explained that he’s looking for candidates who can directly communicate with the client and provide the solution not just coding
 Then he explained he want some one who can for now lead module as solution engineer


Moiz Husain Bohra - L2 - 07/06/23
Interviewer : Saurabh khandelwal
Introduction,Experience and Tech Stack.
About Recent Project Overview.
When you have a situation where two microservices, A and B, are dependent on each other and B goes down, and you need to rollback data in the database.How will you do? 
How to do rollback with manual intervention in microservice?
Ex : 2c phase commit, Soft commit in mysql
I/p - [3,1,5,4,8,6,8,3,2]  
O/p - [5,1,3,6,8,4,2,3,8]  Write the code in java and tell the time complexity.
Write the sql query for second Highest Salary without using limit offset top orderby



Mahesh kariya - L3 - 13/06/2023

Introduction
Explain your project and details
Design patterns you worked upon
Are you good with backend only or interested in other technologies as well 
Which AWS Services you have worked with (He mentioned that they are mostly working on lambda)
How to trigger email in exception of AWS lambda ? (Via SQS, SNS)

Ankita Acharekar - L1 -  (16/03/23)

Introduction & recent project details
Java 8 features
Java program to find even numbers from a list using streams
Use of : : operator
What is method reference?
What is return type of forEach()
ci/cd pipelines
Use of docker , how we deploy
Docker commands - versions , copy file
Kubernetes
Difference between junit and mockito
What is API Gateway?
What are Lambda functions?
What is dynamodb?
Difference between dynamodb vs postgresql
AWS S3 Bucket
Design patterns - Singleton design pattern
Which one of the following lines of code are correct & scenario based questions on the same.

Ayush Srivastava  L-1 02-06-23

Introduction
What is Agile Methodology?
Explain the internal working of HashMap?
Difference between Default and Static method in Interface?
Write a Singleton Class
Difference between HashMap and HasTable

Ayush Srivastava    L- 2 05-06-23

Write a program to implement a LinkedList with below functions

Insert(data, index)
delete(data)
isPresent(data)




